129 - Add ids toast (#297)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/ids-toast/README.MD

# Ids Toast Component

## Description

> The IDS Toast component provides information, warning small and temporary messages. The Toast will close itself after a timeout (default 6s) or clicked on close button. It is also possible to have more than one toast onscreen at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toasts are used to display confirmations of success, failure, or other statuses of system processes related to a user’s workflow. If a user submits a form, a toast will confirm the successful or unsuccessful completion of that submission. Toasts are dismissible via the “close” icon or the escape key. If not dismissed, the toast will hide after a configurable amount of time. The Toast will close itself after a timeout (default 6s) or if the close button is clicked. It is also possible to have more than one toast onscreen at a time.
```

## Use Cases

- Toast component use to give feedback to users after an action has taken place.
- Use a toast component to display notifications and other non-critical messages.

## Terminology

**Title:** An html text element that display as toast message title.
**Message:** An html text element that display as toast message body.
**Close Button:** A trigger button to close the toast message.
**Progress Bar:** An html element that display as progress bar.

## Features (With Code Examples)

A normal toast used as a web component.

```html
<ids-button id="btn-toast" type="secondary">
  <span slot="text">Toast Message</span>
</ids-button>
```

```javascript
const btnToast = document.querySelector('#btn-toast');

btnToast?.addEventListener('click', () => {
  const toastId = 'demo-toast';
  let toast = document.querySelector(`#${toastId}`);
  if (!toast) {

>     toast = document.createElement('ids-toast');

Reviewer: Not 100% sure what we can do but wonder if there is a way to have less setup for a toast message. Did you compare with message? Are they similar?

Author: This `toastId` and `messageId` are optional, if they use it will be easy to target the element do things like watch events or etc..

  <span slot="title">Application Offline</span>
  <span slot="message">This is a Toast message.</span>
</ids-toast>
```

```javascript
const btnToast = document.querySelector('#btn-toast');
const toast = document.querySelector('#demo-toast');

btnToast?.addEventListener('click', () => {
  toast.show();
});
```

## Settings and Attributes (Toast)

- `allowLink` {boolean} Set to put links in the toast message
- `audible` {boolean} Set as invisible on the screen, but still read out loud by screen readers
- `destroyOnComplete` {boolean} Set to destroy after complete all the toast messages
- `draggable` {boolean} Set user to allows drag/drop the toast container
- `position` {string} Set position of the toast container in specific place
- `progressBar` {boolean} Set toast to have a visible progress bar
- `savePosition` {boolean} Set toast container to save position to local storage, apply only when draggable set to true
- `timeout` {number} Set the amount of time, the toast should be present on-screen
- `uniqueId` {number} Set uniqueId to save to local storage, so same saved position can be use for whole app, apply only when draggable set to true

> ## Settings and Attributes (Toast Message)

Reviewer: We should add sections for the events and public methods too
